EDU-3125: Billing updates (#3066)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/billing-and-cost.mdx

  - invoice history
---

The Account Owner and Finance Admin hold the ability to access and view detailed billing and cost information at any time, ensuring full transparency and control over financial aspects. If you need to assess your spending patterns, credit ledger, check invoice histories, or handle payment details, Temporal Cloud's Cost and Billing capabilities are able to provide the information you need.

For more information on Temporal Cloud pricing for actions, storage, and services/support, view [Pricing](/cloud/pricing).

On the [Billing](https://cloud.temporal.io/billing) page, you can find the following details:

> If you are not on a standard plan, the Billing page may not include all of the information stated above. 

Author: it makes sense to keep this note in the docs

- [Current Balance](#current-balance): Your balance accrued thus far in the billing cycle
- [Recent bill](#recent-bill): The amount of your most recent bill
- [Invoice history](#invoice): A record of all past invoices
- [Credit ledger](#credit-table): A record of all credit related transactions

> - Credit information: If applicable, details about any credit grants, purchases, usage, and remaining credits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credit information: Details on credit grants, purchases, usage, and remaining credits, if applicable.
```

- Clarity

On the [Usage](https://cloud.temporal.io/usage) page, you can find cost breakdown by Namespace. This allow your to view cost accured broken down by Namespace. For more details on this, view [Cost Details](#cost-details) 

## How to navigate to your invoices

To review your invoices, follow these steps:

1. Click **Billing** on your left sidenav.

> 2. Under the **Invoices** section, download the invoice(s) you wish to review.

Reviewer: For the following section, we avoid wording like "accrued thus far". The material that follows does not adhere to standard team practices for sentence alignment (one sentence per line) for future maintenance of our Documentation repository.

For example, the first para in Current balance might be aligned:

```
The current balance card displays the balance accrued during your current billing cycle and the date it was last updated.
Your balance will change with your usage.
The latest balance update also appears on the first line of your Invoices table.
```

- Simplified, aligned with tone.
- Invoices remains uppercased to match UI, not as Temporal term.
I'd recommend a full page audit to catch issues like these.

For more information on Temporal Cloud pricing for Actions, storage, and services/support, please visit our [Pricing](/cloud/pricing) page.

The [billing](https://cloud.temporal.io/billing) page includes the following information.
If you're not on a standard plan, your billing page may show a subset of this list:

- [Current balance](#current-balance): Your balance to date for this billing cycle
- [Recent bill](#recent-bill): The amount of your most recent bill

> - [Invoice history](#invoice): Access to all past invoices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Invoice history](#invoice): Access to all past invoices.
```

> - [Invoice history](#invoice): Access to all past invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Invoice history](#invoice): Access to all past invoices
```

- Balance due - Balance remaining after credits are granted

You have the ability to download your Invoices by clicking the download icon by the date. 

> ## Credit table (#credit-table}

Reviewer 2: It's not building because that open parenthesis should be an open curly brace. This should fix it for you. 😺 

```suggestion
## Credit table {#credit-table}
```

> Under the the credits table, you will find the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information appears under the credits table.
```

- Simplified

> - Effective At (UTC) - date when the credit grant is effective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Effective At (UTC): The date when the credit grant becomes effective
```

> - Type - details if the the transcation was a deduction, expiry, or grant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type: Indicates whether the transaction was a deduction, expiry, or grant
```

> - Amount - credit amount that was granted, deducted or expired 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Amount - The credit amount that was granted, deducted, or expired
```

Reviewer: Oxford comma

Reviewer: Also, all these bullets should be using colons after the entry, and not hyphens

> - Credits Remaining - the remaining available in the account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Credits Remaining - The remaining credit available in the account
```
